netCDF: use stored GeoTransform attribute only if consistent with dimension variables (#13834)
OSGeo/gdal: doc/source/drivers/raster/netcdf.rst

filename, when it is not using subdataset syntax (it can typically be used to
force open a HDF5 file that would be nominally recognized by the HDF5 driver).

Dimension Ordering
------------------

The NetCDF driver assume that dimensions are ordered as (Z/T,Y,X), according to the recommendations of the `CF Conventions <https://cfconventions.org>`__.
If there are more than 3 dimensions, the driver will merge them into

> bands. For example, if you have an 4 dimensional arrays of the type (P, T,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
bands. For example, if you have a 4 dimensional array of the type (P, T,
```

Author: fixed
